Project Description
This project is developed using Angular CLI version 16.0.5 and it consists of a Spring Boot backend API along with Angular frontend. The project aims to provide a web application for banking operations.

Dependencies
The project has the following dependencies:

Angular CLI: 16.0.5
Java version: 1.8
Spring Boot Starter Data JDBC
Spring Boot Starter Data JPA
Spring Boot Starter Web
H2 Database (runtime)
Spring Boot Starter Test
Apache HttpClient (test)
How to Run the Project
Backend (Spring Boot)
To run the Spring Boot backend, follow these steps:

Make sure you have Java JDK 1.8 installed on your system.
Open the project in your preferred IDE (Integrated Development Environment).
Build the project to resolve dependencies.
Run the main application class (com.khalil.bankapi.BankApiApplication) to start the Spring Boot backend server.
The backend API will be accessible at http://localhost:8080.

Frontend (Angular)
To run the Angular frontend, follow these steps:

Make sure you have Node.js installed on your system.
Open the terminal and navigate to the project's frontend directory.
Run the following command to install the required dependencies:
Copy code
npm install
After the dependencies are installed, run the following command to start the Angular development server:
Copy code
ng serve
The Angular frontend will be accessible at http://localhost:4200.
Note: Make sure the backend server is running before accessing the frontend to ensure proper communication between the frontend and backend.

That's it! You have successfully launched the Spring Boot and Angular project. You can now access the application at the provided addresses and start using the banking features.

Contribution and Enhancement
Contributions and improvements to the codebase are highly welcome. If you have any suggestions, bug fixes, or new features to add, feel free to fork the repository, make the changes, and submit a pull request. Your contributions will be reviewed and merged if they meet the project's standards.

Data Generation
Upon launching the application, 100 tables will be generated by default. If you wish to generate more tables, you can modify the UserJdbcCommandLineRunner.java file located at bankapi\src\main\java\com\khalil\bankapi\jdbc\UserJdbcCommandLineRunner.java. Adjust the generation logic according to your requirements.

Please note that generating a large number of tables may affect the application's performance, so it is recommended to consider your system's resources before generating a significant amount of data.

Contact Information
If you have any questions, feedback, or need assistance with the project, feel free to contact me at khl.cheibi@gmail.com. I'll be glad to help.

My CV can be found in the repository for reference.

Thank you for your interest in this project. I hope you enjoy running it and exploring its features.
